
## Finding Info

We are going to find info for the [[Find the Train Heist's purpose]] mission by going back to the original [[Actel Transportation]] station where we started. [[Ardolus]] might know other insurgents there.

We know that transportation by methods other than train can be quite difficult.

Mainly dangerous cuz of outlaws.  7 days of travel. Skipping food will lead to bad outcomes, exhaustions, no access to long rests.

#brelk #alien is a clear insurgent in the bar that [[Ardolus]] spots. The #alien thinks that [[Weighted Snow]] is an asshole. Might be related to the people on the train. In the last car, there were higher up people on the trip, that we evaded with stealth. We got an address to another [[Actel Transportation]] location. They would not give his name. They mention [[Elohim]]. He might know how to reach [[Dagonet]]. We also get a number that might reach [[Dagonet]].

We get pointed to a hangar in downtown. We hope to find transportation to [[Partil]] there. [[Ajax]] has a ship that he came here from [[Siriopus]] on. He didn't want to share that info, it's broken anyway. 

## Meeting up with [[Setebos]]

We try to call [[Dagonet]] and get a voice mail. Afterward, [[Setebos]] calls and wants to join us in leaving [[Partil]]. [[The Party]] decides to pick up [[Setebos]] despite the danger. She is near [[Trete]] in the [[The Outskirts]] of [[Reuse]]. We pick her up, and she gives us all [[Couplings]]. 

The [[Couplings]] come in three flavors, and they seem to be upgradeable:
- Armor : +1 AC
- Power: +2 force/tech points
- Speed: +10 ft movement, +2 initiative

We all attune to our new couplings, and then a skill challenge begins. Using stealth and advanced information, we avoid most of the danger, but we end up in a roadblock. A huge mech blocks the road. [[Bungle]] makes [[Ardolus]] swap the driver seat with him, so he can disguise himself. However, they see through our ruse immediately, and they make a motion to fire on us. We're prepared for violence and the battle starts.

## Brawl on the Way to the Hangar

We initiate combat with a sniper, a captain, and a robot. [[Vim]] begins fighting the captain with #hecale powered attacks as he speeds towards her. Flip disarms the sniper with a long range #hecale power. Flip passes the sniper to [[Ardolus]], and [[Ardolus]] begins firing. [[Bungle]] uses #tech blasts to damage the mech and push it back. [[Ajax]] takes the opportunity to whip the car into a donut and drift into the captain This hurls her away into a concrete wall. 

The mech takes its chance to retaliate and beat down on [[Bungle]]. [[Bungle]] goes down from the barrage, and [[Flip Reebes|Flip]] and [[Setebos]] move towards him to get him out. [[Ajax]], [[Vim]], and [[Ardolus]] finish the job against the captain and the mech, but the sniper has been left on his own to call for backup. Before the call can finish, [[Dagonet]] appears out of nowhere, and assassinates him. 

We'll pick up next week and find out where he came from.