## New Living Quarters

The room is a cramped 2 bedroom barrack. Our living quarters are damp like [[Setebos]]'s room. Bungle and Ajax demand the beds immediately.

We get free rations from [[Setebos]]. The room has been made less damp, and she is ready to discuss work. We are tasked to get answers. 

1. who took the package originally from [[Setebos]]'s courier?
	1. The courier is now gone. Find them. [[Iod]] staying with [[Trete]]
		1. [[Trete]] is a woman alien. She helps younger people get fed. 
		2. [[Iod]] is short young human (18).  Scraggly blonde hair. Loyal.
	2. Who was the perpetrator?
2. Find out [[Dagonet]]'s motive for the [[Train Heist]] explosion
	1. Why that train? Was there anything else on it?
	2. This explosion caused all traffic in and out to stop, is that the goal?

We borrow setebos' hover craft to go to trete. [[The Outskirts]] of [[Reuse]] is where we go. We should be slightly safer from getting caught. 
We arrive and we make it to a flatter shorter building that says "Trete's re-treat (candy)." 

[[Vim]] knocks on the door, and another plant person #anthrorisome opens the door. name is VM276... cut off by Vim. They know [[Iod]]. He's been gone for a bit. [[vim]] is lead to trete. The kid has been split from the hivemind for 2 years.

When Vim and Trete are together, Tehy start talking and trete blocks the door. Vim immediately questions about [[The Partil Rail Attack]]. [[Iod]] has been gone for a few weeks. Trying to find a new place with someone else. No name, just a new friend. Trete seems thru his illusion, and insinuates he knows [[Setebos]]. [[Vim]] clarifies he just wants to know about hwat happened at [[The Partil Rail Attack]] better and doesn't mean [[Iod]] harm. She doesn't believe it. Iod was excited to leave the house. [[Trete]] knows about the job, but doesn't know why he trusted the new friend. [[Iod]] and new older friend met downtown. The new friend is an older human guy (30s?). [[Downtown Reuse]] in a general store ran by [[Correo]].  [[Iod]] was expecting enough cash to live alone.

[[Puck]] was the person supposed to recieve the package recovered in the [[Train Heist]]. [[Iod]] new apartment should be that general store ran by [[Correo]] in [[Downtown Reuse]]. [[Iod]] probably didn't know he was transporting #hecale magic items.

We learn bungle isn't poisonous like a tree frog. Ardolus tries to sneak into the orphanage and he gets caught immediately.

We have to bribe  [[Correo]] to get info on [[Iod]]. He knows about [[Iod]] moving in locally. He knows the new friend, tall lanky guy. This new guys is a #goon .  [[Correo]] is scared of the new friend and tries to hold back. Vim tries to use #hecale powers to get more info out of  [[Correo]]. Bungle and Vim convince him to open up more about him. [[Iod]] is likely in danger. The #goon frequents a nearby building. He's a [[Purger]]. [[Correo]] asks to tell the #goon that "daniel" let the info out. 

[[Setebos]] offers us #hecale magic items (one each) if we kill the #goon.  We start planning to ambush them.

Bungle and Vim are gonna go in disguise, Ardolus and Ajax are scouting the back garage door, Flip will scout the front door, success or fail.

# Jeff
---

### What next?
This crew seems to work together well judging from the last mission (minus the terrorist attack...). Maybe we should stick together for a bit. I wonder what kind of work [[Setebos]] can give us next?

# Night at [[Setebos]]'s
We stay the night at Setebos's, the party makes it work in a room with only two beds. [[Ajax]] claims top bunk and bends the bed, [[Bungle]] somehow is unbothered in a mucusy heap below. [[Flip Reebes]] rolls out a bed roll in the tub, [[Ardolus]] makes his work on the floor. And [[Vim]] pots his plant in a corner to rest. **Setebos offers to give us the magic cufflink items if we complete this mission.**

She has two items she's interested in us working on.
1. In yesterday's [[Train Heist]] How did the package go missing and get on the train in the first place? Find the missing courier and discover how his mission failed.
	- The courier's name is [[Iod]], friend named [[Trete]], who runs an orphanage on the [[Outskirts]]
2. Setebos would like to learn, why did [[Dagonet]] blow up the train?
	- How can we find him?
		- What other items/important people were on the train? What could his reasons have been?

### Find [[The missing Courier]], [[Iod]]
We borrow [[Setebos]]' hovercraft to take to the [[Outskirts]]
We are looking for [[Trete]]
- [[Vim]] enters the home disguised as a cop
	- An [[Anthorhizome]] opens the door, Vim doesn't let himself connect with the young [[Anthorhizome]], and gives them a ration when they deliver Vim to [[Trete]]
	- Trete recognizes that Vim is disguised, but cooperates anyway, **we get the following intel:**
		- he was trying to move out with a friend of his
			- this new friend
				- [[Correo]], at the general store might know
				- running that thing for Setebos
			- super excited to move out
				- new apartment near a department store downtown
			- he was supposed to take it from Setebos to [[Puck]]


### We decide to visit this [[Correo]]
[[Bungle]] and [[Vim]] run point and get some intel from Correo by  paying him 20 credits.
- older, human, 30s
- 'kinda tall, lanky'
- super weird
- "doesn't know how to be a person"?
- threats or money
- sees frequently in building across street, and he believes he is there now.
- [[Purger]]

After realizing that he is clearly afraid that the Purger might hear he ratted them out, Vim and Bungle threaten to let it slip if he doesn't give the 20 credits back. He does give it back.
### We plan to infiltrate the building that the alleged [[Purger]] is in
- [[Vim]] and [[Bungle]] disguise as engineers working on a pipe by the window before cutting open window with light dagger before #hacking in
- [[Ardolus]] scouted out the back and saw there was a garage that could be used as an escape, he and [[Ajax]] will post up back there
- [[Flip Reebes]] waits out front to head in once he gets the symbol from [[Vim]] and [[Bungle]]