## The infiltration starts

Bungle scales the wall towards the security room with a grappling hook. Vim takes a hoop out and uses his light dagger (on a chain) to cut a hole in the window. Purple light saber. 

Bungle and Vim are disguised as maintenance workers and the begin searching inside. They find a bunch of weird monitors. They do some #leet #haxorz shit. They do not find [[Iod]] on the cameras.

They surmise that s missing room from the cameras is on the first floor. Somewhere towards the back.  They spot the #purger on the first floor in the garage area. There's a bunch of bots.

## Time to make a splash

The infiltration team gets noticed, so they request a distraction. [[Ajax]] bursts into the first floor and combat begins. 

[[Ardolus]] blows up a droid. Vim rushes into the #purger's office and makes a play with his #hecale powers, but it fails and he goes down when droids rush him. [[Ajax]] and [[Ardolus]] go on a crit spree and mash up these droids supporting the #purger.[[Flip Reebes]] uses his own #hecale powers to heal [[Vim]] back up.  We end the sesssion with most of the droids totaled, but the #purger basically untouched.


# Jeff notes
---
### Infiltrate the [[Purger]] hideout
[[Vim]] and [[Bungle]] infiltrate the top floor of the building and hack into the security system. We're able to unlock the doors, and attempt to sneak down. We notice there is only one part of the building left without cameras on the first floor, in a back corner near the purger.
### Things start to heat up
While attempting to sneak down to the first floor, [[Vim]] and [[Bungle]] raise a bit of alarm making some noise. Over the comms, they call for backup and [[Ajax]] charges in through the front and starts tearing a room apart. [[Ardolus]] immediately sneaks in a drops a bot, while [[Flip Reebes]] slowly approaches the party, #coward. [[Vim]] overzealously charges in and with a surge of violet light explodes between two bots before getting immediately headshot and dropping.

[[Bungle]] rushes in with supporting damage while [[Ardolus]] and [[Ajax]] push forward. The support allows [[Flip Reebes]] to reach [[Vim]] and heal him up. 

Now its just this [[Purger]]...

