---
tags:
  - "#timeline"
---
### What next?
This crew seems to work together well judging from the last mission (minus the terrorist attack...). Maybe we should stick together for a bit. I wonder what kind of work [[Setebos]] can give us next?

# Night at [[Setebos]]'s
We stay the night at Setebos's, the party makes it work in a room with only two beds. [[Ajax]] claims top bunk and bends the bed, [[Bungle]] somehow is unbothered in a mucusy heap below. [[Flip Reebes]] rolls out a bed roll in the tub, [[Ardolus]] makes his work on the floor. And [[Vim]] pots his plant in a corner to rest. **Setebos offers to give us the magic cufflink items if we complete this mission.**

She has two items she's interested in us working on.
1. In yesterday's [[Train Heist]] How did the package go missing and get on the train in the first place? Find the missing courier and discover how his mission failed.
	- The courier's name is [[Iod]], friend named [[Trete]], who runs an orphanage on the [[Outskirts]]
2. Setebos would like to learn, why did [[Dagonet]] blow up the train?
	- How can we find him?
		- What other items/important people were on the train? What could his reasons have been?

### Find [[The missing Courier]], [[Iod]]
We borrow [[Setebos]]' hovercraft to take to the [[Outskirts]]
We are looking for [[Trete]]
- [[Vim]] enters the home disguised as a cop
	- An [[Anthorhizome]] opens the door, Vim doesn't let himself connect with the young [[Anthorhizome]], and gives them a ration when they deliver Vim to [[Trete]]
	- Trete recognizes that Vim is disguised, but cooperates anyway, **we get the following intel:**
		- he was trying to move out with a friend of his
			- this new friend
				- [[Correo]], at the general store might know
				- running that thing for Setebos
			- super excited to move out
				- new apartment near a department store downtown
			- he was supposed to take it from Setebos to [[Puck]]


### We decide to visit this [[Correo]]
[[Bungle]] and [[Vim]] run point and get some intel from Correo by  paying him 20 credits.
- older, human, 30s
- 'kinda tall, lanky'
- super weird
- "doesn't know how to be a person"?
- threats or money
- sees frequently in building across street, and he believes he is there now.
- [[Purger]]

After realizing that he is clearly afraid that the Purger might hear he ratted them out, Vim and Bungle threaten to let it slip if he doesn't give the 20 credits back. He does give it back.
### We plan to infiltrate the building that the alleged [[Purger]] is in
- [[Vim]] and [[Bungle]] disguise as engineers working on a pipe by the window before cutting open window with light dagger before #hacking in
- [[Ardolus]] scouted out the back and saw there was a garage that could be used as an escape, he and [[Ajax]] will post up back there
- [[Flip Reebes]] waits out front to head in once he gets the symbol from [[Vim]] and [[Bungle]]