
# We Start back in combat

The driods are mostly dismantled, but the purger is still fresh.

We end the fight by [[Bungle]] putting the purger to sleep and then blowing up all the droids.
Vim gets the purger's dossier -> [[Stolen Purger Info]]. The purgers been tracking us. Vim keeps all the new info to himself, but [[Bungle]] notices he takes some data. [[Ajax]] pockets all the credits off the purger, but [[Ardolus]] notices. They share some criminal glances

# We get some Info from Purgers and Iod

Flip asks ajax to get all the info about [[Iod]] out of the purger. [[Flip Reebes|Flip]] tries to learn the purgers name to help humanize him, but [[Ajax]] plugs his ears. He wants to be violent. Ajax gets real scary and demands the precise info on [[Iod]]'s info. The purger sneaks in that his name is [[Purger Logan|Logan]] later.

We learn that the lever for the door is underneath some stuff behind the desk. Flip was afraid #coward of the lever as a trap but it actually opened the door to where [[Iod]] was.

[[Iod]] is beat up and tied up. [[Flip Reebes|Flip]] asks [[Ajax]] to ask for more detail on how the hecale [[Couplings]] ended up on the train. The purgers were sending them to [[partil]] for experiments. There are more purgers planning to make moves documented in [[Stolen Purger Info#Purger Movement]]. [[Purger Logan|Logan]] is the tied up purger. Setebos asked to kill him, but Flip is against. [[Ajax]] makes the final call.

After reading the [[Stolen Purger Info]] shared by [[Vim]], [[Flip Reebes|Flip]] vaguely remembers the person named [[Ferdinand]] that was mentioned.

[[Brend]] is southeast of [[Reuse]], no informants there
[[Setebos]] has contact with [[Mayor Gawaine Banil]] (relative to [[Dagonet]]) in [[Partil]]


We start driving back with [[Ardolus]] at the wheel and [[Iod]]. Flip starts asking questsions. Iod doesn't know much about Dagonet. Iod was gonna give the Partil devlivery to [[Puck]]. Puck was regular courier for [[couplings]], and he was coming down for this delivery. However, Logan was there instead and told Iod he would handle delivery. This is how [[Iod]] got in real trouble. [[Puck]] might not be safe if the purgers were able to intercept like this. We finally deliver Iod back to [[Trete]]. 

We call [[Setebos]]. The summary:
>Setebos: You know his name!?
>Ajax: I crushed his trachea!

The [[Lighthouse]] in Partil : This is a running advertising campaign to reestablish space travel in partil. This lighthouse is realted to the [[KG project]].  


# New NPC Dump

[[Head Purger Maddox]] -> head purger

[[Chief Brogua]] -> reuse police chief

[[Bodyguard Frenic]] is sorlina's bodybuard

[[Bearer Sorlina]] -> bearer of [[Pier]], queen basically. 

I think that [[Dagonet]] is stopping transit to stop #purger organization heading towards [[Partil]]. [[Ardolus]] is gonna use his insurgent connections. We need to meet people in the same [[Actel Transportation]] train station at the start of the [[Train Heist]] mission. 

Our next plan:

1. get info from rebels that might be meeting up at the train station
2. Flip wants to leave Reuse. They are searching for all the party, and all the leads point there. 



