## After the Ambush


We want info from the last ambusher alive. We find 100 credits and 2 food rations on the dead bandits. He tells us to walk closer to the trakcs, and that he doesn't know much about partil. 

## The Next Day

We run into carlion animals big cats with fur. They don't usually move in packs, but they are gathered around something. There's a dead carlion shot by a blaster. Bungle somehow successfully communicates with the carlion and gets close enough to investigate that one of them has been hurt by gov't officials. The carlion don't have significant relationship with #hecale or religion.  Symbolically, they are associated with self-reliance. 

I get kicked out of Ajax's' sidecar, and get forced to ride in the back of the car. We find a spot to rest, and Vim spots the carlion's eyeing our party. Both parties keep a respectful distance through the shift. Bungle takes second shift. The carlion moves somwhere else, and it starts eye-ing Ajax while he sleeps. Bungle wakes up Ajax, and Ajax reflexively grabs Bungle by his throat right. When Bungle shows Ajax the carlion, Ajax immediately begins running after it. The carlion scampers away. Ajax is way too fast though, and wrestles it to the ground. we have a tied up carlion now, and we have it feed it. 

Nothing exciting the next day. We go to bed and see some light pollution/smog building from the nearby city, Partil. Flip sets the cat go free, and it uses #hecale to run away after it tries to stick around longer. 
## Arrival at [[Partil]]

We arrive at [[Partil]]. This city is built into another Ozone-making tower. The air quality is terrible as as we approach the manufacturing hub. 

We make sure to tackle our first easiest quest [[Deliver A Package to Partil]], and head to the drop zone. We pass through factories, and end up in the outskirts. Ajax tries to input the drop point's code, but Flip has to help. The place is suspiciously empty, but we leave the box as directed. We decide to move forward in our search for [[Puck]] as [[Setebos]] goes on a search of her own. 