## Notes at start
Reminders from GM at the start about the [[Train Heist]]:
- [[Setebos]] asked us to not kill anyone.
- The train is going to [[Partil]]. 
- There are metal detectors before the train. 
## Morning decisions
[[Flip Reebes]] hands his lightblade to [[Ajax]]. He doesn't want to be holding it when they board and get scanned. Before the [[Train Heist|heist]], [[Vim]] wants to hack the transportation system to get advanced permissions on the train. After a extended excursion at the guard station at the train terminal, [[Vim]] and [[Bungle]] use their #hecale and #tech powers to get to an access point. They give all of the [[The Party]] weapons access on the train except for [[Flip Reebes]]. During this excursion, [[Ardolus]] questions locals about the trains at the #Carlion bar. He learns about some of the guards' behaviors and bathroom situations on trains from a man called [[Bo'rid]]. The train is operated by a company called [[Actel Transportation]]. [[Ajax]] and [[Flip Reebes]] spend this time playing some chance cubes. [[Flip Reebes]] regrets this  ( #coward ). He luckily loses the game, but is scarred by the thought of what [[Ajax]] would of done if he won. 

## World building
GM decides the year is 20,086, and the planet uses the Gregorian calendar.
Tickets were bought for us for train 312.
6 hours pass before the 7 PM train arrives. We eat some kebab to pass the time.

## Mission Start
We get on the train with a bunch of people. We supposedly have been provided comm links, but no one has used them yet. After we board, Vim has convinced the guards on board that the hacked accounts belong to an auditing security force. They begin to move from the train behind the engine car towards the freight car. [[The Party]] has to communicate to a guard to get past. 

During this discussion, [[Vim]] uses #hecale powers. Unfortunately, a shady interloper named [[Dagonet]] notices. [[Flip Reebes]] perceives this, and makes sure to keep [[Dagonet]] under surveillance. [[Vim]] demands that [[Flip Reebes]] and [[Dagonet]] have to come with him and the other auditors. [[The Party]] makes their way to the freight car which is full of advanced security measures like cameras, robots, and turrets. For some reason, [[Dagonet]] decides to help, and shows us that he can use #tech powers to disable the cameras. We soon spot the target container, but the session ends before we make a decision about how to extract it from the freight car, or the train.