
## [[Hollow Point]] Spotted

We roll a random encounter (4 on a d4) at the start if our journey. We see a streak of light come from the sky headed at reuse, its a ship landing.  Its likely the hollow point ship from the [[Stolen Purger Info]].

Ajax reminds flip that flip would be the one to die in a real fight. Bungle works frantically in the back of the car all day. Vim keeps trying to get a peek, but ends up swerving. We end up near the train tracks on our journey. We decide to keep our distance to try and avoid bandits.

The wilds of pier are turn more into desert grasslands as we get deeper. At the end of the day, we hide our vehicle and stuff in between some crags. 

## Ambushed

However, we get ambushed by bandits. [[Bungle]] gets held at knife point, but [[Ardolus]] is quick to respond and kills a raider before the melee breaks out. [[Bungle]] overloads with electricity and unveils his new biotech arm and eye as he knocks an enemy back. His new robot arm is suped up with his tech powers and he fights off his attackers. [[Flip Reebes|Flip]] wakes up to being stabbed and force throws bungles arms and the enemies at each other to get away. Setebos stays in her car and peeks out to heal with her #heacle powers. [[Vim]] is using #hecale magics to necrotize the raiders with his tendrils. [[Ajax]] wrestles and slams raiders to the ground. He begins to show signs of new #hecale powers in his rage. [[Ardolus]] keep sniping away from stealth and takes out a majority of the raiders.