## Assembling at the Hangar

[[Dagonet]] is here after the battle. He is wearing a tiger styled face mask unlike the robes we saw him in during the [[The Partil Rail Attack]]. 

Half the party invites him, Flip does not want him along #coward.

Before we leave the scene, [[Vim]] learns that sniper's reinforcement call didn't go through, and [[Bungle]] got some cool part of the mech. [[Vim]] gets [[Captain Progua]]'d ID info while looting. 
We make it to the hangar. Its clearly an unpopular run down place.

Ajax demands to know if his ship is done yet from [[Einspur]]. [[Einspur]] is a #darler #alien . They have mechanical limbs. And they are clearly unimpressed by the our attempts to intimidate for a fixed ship. He does offer a trade. He gives us two hovercraft, and modifies [[Setebos]]'s car to travel through the desert to [[Partil]] for a delivery: [[Deliver A Package to Partil]]. The trip will take about 4 days of travel.

## Dagonet's Info

As we suit up in our new rides, we ask some questions from [[Dagonet]]. The bombing in [[The Partil Rail Attack]] was meant to kill someone, and he failed. He wanted to kill [[Bearer Sorlina]]. He couldn't believe that she was somehow alive. We get confirmation from [[Setebos]] that this was enough information to finish the [[Find the Train Heist's purpose]] mission. She says it is, but [[Flip Reebes]] notices that she is focused in on [[Dagonet]]'s mask and weapon. We say goodbye to [[Dagonet]] plainly after we learn we don't need him anymore, but before he leaves [[Vim]] tries to plant evidence on [[Dagonet]]. It was successful, the simple blaster and the ID card collected from the firefight before is planted on [[Dagonet]]. 

We leave the hangar. [[Vim]] uses information from [[Captain Progua]] to get the cops locations, so the exit should be easy.
## Road Trip Starts

Motorcycle: Ajax
	Sidecar: Flip
Motorcycle: Ardolus
	Sidecar: 
Car: Vim
	Passengers:
		Bungle
		Setebos

While we start driving to leave [[Reuse]], we spot [[Dagonet]] tagging a wall with graffitti. [[Ajax]] and [[Flip Reebes]] try to take the moment to steal his light weapon, but Flip whiffs his force disarm. [[Setebos]] lets us know that Dagonet's mask is a #coupling, and his light weapon used to be hers. Setebos used to be a partner with [[Mayor Gawaine Banil]]. They used to be partners, but they had a falling out. She is Dagonet's Mom. Gawain sold her out for being a #hecale. 

We ending up driving throught the night before taking a long rest. Here we advance to level 3!