## New Living Quarters

The room is a cramped 2 bedroom barrack. Our living quarters are damp like [[Setebos]]'s room. Bungle and Ajax demand the beds immediately.

We get free rations from [[Setebos]]. The room has been made less damp, and she is ready to discuss work. We are tasked to get answers. 

1. who took the package originally from [[Setebos]]'s courier?
	1. The courier is now gone. Find them. [[Iod]] staying with [[Trete]]
		1. [[Trete]] is a woman alien. She helps younger people get fed. 
		2. [[Iod]] is short young human (18).  Scraggly blonde hair. Loyal.
	2. Who was the perpetrator?
2. Find out [[Dagonet]]'s motive for the [[Train Heist]] explosion
	1. Why that train? Was there anything else on it?
	2. This explosion caused all traffic in and out to stop, is that the goal?

We borrow setebos' hover craft to go to trete. [[The Outskirts]] of [[Reuse]] is where we go. We should be slightly safer from getting caught. 
We arrive and we make it to a flatter shorter building that says "Trete's re-treat (candy)." 

[[Vim]] knocks on the door, and another plant person #anthrorisome opens the door. name is VM276... cut off by Vim. They know [[Iod]]. He's been gone for a bit. [[vim]] is lead to trete. The kid has been split from the hivemind for 2 years.

When Vim and Trete are together, Tehy start talking and trete blocks the door. Vim immediately questions about [[The Partil Rail Attack]]. [[Iod]] has been gone for a few weeks. Trying to find a new place with someone else. No name, just a new friend. Trete seems thru his illusion, and insinuates he knows [[Setebos]]. [[Vim]] clarifies he just wants to know about hwat happened at [[The Partil Rail Attack]] better and doesn't mean [[Iod]] harm. She doesn't believe it. Iod was excited to leave the house. [[Trete]] knows about the job, but doesn't know why he trusted the new friend. [[Iod]] and new older friend met downtown. The new friend is an older human guy (30s?). [[Downtown Reuse]] in a general store ran by [[Correo]].  [[Iod]] was expecting enough cash to live alone.

[[Puck]] was the person supposed to recieve the package recovered in the [[Train Heist]]. [[Iod]] new apartment should be that general store ran by [[Correo]] in [[Downtown Reuse]]. [[Iod]] probably didn't know he was transporting #hecale magic items.

We learn bungle isn't poisonous like a tree frog. Ardolus tries to sneak into the orphanage and he gets caught immediately.

We have to bribe corleo to get info on [[Iod]]. He knows about [[Iod]] moving in locally. He knows the new friend, tall lanky guy. This new guys is a #goon . [[Corleo]] is scared of the new friend and tries to hold back. Vim tries to use #hecale powers to get more info out of [[Corleo]]. Bungle and Vim convince him to open up more about him. [[Iod]] is likely in danger. The #goon frequents a nearby building. He's a [[Purger]]. [[Coreo]] asks to tell the #goon that "daniel" let the info out. 

[[Setebos]] offers us #hecale magic items (one each) if we kill the #goon.  We start planning to ambush them.

Bungle and Vim are gonna go in disguise, Ardolus and Ajax are scouting the back garage door, Flip will scout the front door, success or fail.