## Setting Background
50 years ago, [[Siriopus]] tried to create peace in the [[Sirius System]]. Their people used a magic power called [[Hecalia]], but they accidentally created a hostile environment to all space travel in [[The Collapse of Space Travel|an accident]].

Our party starts on [[Pier]], closest to the star of [[Sirius System|Sirius]]. With no moons, this planet is the hardest to care for in the greater space economy. The planet is terraformed through the use of ginormous pillars producing ozone. 

We start in the city Reuse. After the tragedy, all food is hard to get and expensive. Shipments of food only arrive a few times a month.

## We start Playing
The first scene starts with all us gathering is a seedy room. A dealer called [[Setebos]] has offered a job and for some reason, and all five of us have arrived to take it. In this basement, there's only a desk and robot working. Slowly, the five strangers trickle in. Most of them seem familiar with dangers in a criminal life. [[Setebos]] is a known contraband seller. She can use [[Hecalia]], and is a #hecale. These people are persecuted for their powers. [[Setebos]] is a scaly alien. She waits in a damp, muggy room full of mist. She informs us that we have to steal a shipment leaving [[Reuse]] tonight. On a [[Train Heist|train headed]] towards [[Partil]]. For this job, [[The Party]] will get a week's worth of food and money. We get half of the money up front. We will be stealing these goods from cops. We know what target container looks like, but not its contents. We are instructed to not look inside.

We spend the rest of our time planning.

### THE PLAN:

[[Ajax]] will distract, while [[Flip Reebes|Flip]] is his support hiding in the crowd

[[Ardolus]] and [[Bungle]] will get into disguise after boarding but before the distraction

[[Vim]] can sneak along the roof to search from the outside.