
## Worldbuilding Notes

- GM clarifies that robots are not sentient. Destroying robots has no positive or negative connotation without more context. [[Vim]] is not a robot.
- They city of #partil is built on a [[the Pillars|pillar]]. It was a former manufacturing hub on pier before [[The Collapse of Space Travel| the collapse]]. #Reuse also used to be central hub of exports on [[Pier]]. The first train stop is still in #Reuse  
## Argument Back in the Storage Car

[[Vim]] and [[Bungle]] disable the alarms that are preventing use from moving the target. While this is going on [[Dagonet]] begins making a ruckus. He keeps talking about "testing us" He attempts to intentionally trigger an alarm in the room, but [[Ajax]] and [[Ardolus]] prevent him by grappling him. It's clear from his dexterity checks that he is very skilled. We finally convince him to calm down by communicating that our ability to finish this mission with no alarm is a good enough test. A considerable amount of time was spent discussing on if we should just kill him or not. Flip did successfully get him to flinch with his fist during these discussions. Who is the real #coward?

## Arriving at the station

After leaving the storage car, we successfully avoid suspicion as we take seats in the last passenger car. After a few minutes pass, we reach the station and leave the train in two groups. The first group is the four members of the [[The Party]] that had logs documenting them as security auditors. The second group is [[Flip Reebes|Flip]] and [[Dagonet]]. Flip is terrified of being alone with this strange person that is aware of his #hecale powers. The second Flip feels like he is out of sight, he begins to run away. [[Dagonet]] calls back "Hey, Flip!" At that exact moment, the caboose of train 312 explodes. Flip commits to escaping him and the fresh fireball, and he leaves without responding.

 [[Dagonet]] had placed a bomb in that first car. [[Ardolus]]'s insurgent past helps him recognize [[Dagonet]] as an infamous serial arsonist/rioter named [[Dagonet|Weighted Snow]]. This explosion alerts the entire platform. People begin screaming and running while the local guards begin responding to the situation. [[The Party]] uses these moments to blend further into the chaos:
- [[Ardolus]] hides himself near the target container
- [[Ajax]] hides the target by blending it in with other luggage. He sits comfortably to enjoy the chaos.
- [[Vim]] blends in to the populace by giving helpful commands to people.
- [[Bungle]] disguises himself as an officer uses his fake position to leave quietly.
- [[Flip Reebes|Flip]] runs for his life. It's clearly suspicious. #coward

## Collecting Reward

We make it back to [[Setebos]] and explain the details. She reveals that the package contains #hecale magic items, like a watch she briefly shows [[Bungle]]. It could of given him more #tech powers. Despite the attention [[Dagonet]] brought us, [[Setebos]] agrees to to give more jobs to [[The Party]]. We'll need more food soon anyway.


